chapters: Review contents of assignment section (#28)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/use-deliver/assignments/reading/README.md

- preparing assignment contents
- launching assignment
- providing support
- grading

#### Preparing an Assignment

The initial phase in crafting an assignment involves determining its overall structure.
Viable options include a combination of [drills](../../../develop-organize/drills/reading/README.md) and [questions](../../../develop-organize/drills/reading/questions.md), or a [project](../../../develop-organize/projects/reading/README.md).
When opting for drills and questions, the procedure is relatively straightforward; you simply reference them in the assignment text and proceed directly to establishing the validation infrastructure.

However, if you decide to create a project, there are several fundamental components to ensure, such as the assignment statement, support files, and the reference solution.
These steps are detailed in the ["projects" section](../../../develop-organize/projects/reading/README.md).

The last steps involve setting up the validation infrastructure, which also includes the creation of the submission form, and establishing channels for assistance.
These steps are strongly tied to the subject's infrastructure.

#### Launching Assignments

> The initial phase of launching an assignment involves making everyting prepared (assignment files, submission forms, assistance channels) public.

Author: ```suggestion
The initial phase of launching an assignment involves making sure everything is properly set (assignment files, submission forms, assistance channels) public.
```

Reviewer: Sergiu Weisz

Assignments are unassisted practical activities that learners undertake individually or in teams over a longer timespan.
Their primary objective is to provide learners the flexibility to work through tasks at their preferred speed, allowing them to address gaps in their understanding as they progress.

> RD: Assignment attributes:

Author: It's up to you. Decide what it should look like.

- contents: statement, skeleton, testing, solution

> - timeline

Author: Agree, drop it.

- grading
- support channel
- submission interface

> Summary of steps:

Author: You decide. But it's required to provide the reader an overview of what they would get.

- preparing assignment contents
- launching assignment
- providing support
- grading

#### RD: Preparing an Assignment

- selecting contents: drills (questions and / or tasks) and / or projects
- creating an assignment on the implementation repository: linking above items from the content repository
- preparing the validation infrastructure

I would only add preparing an assignment and grading an assignment as prime sections.
These are related to use of content.

> The others (Launching Assingments and Providing Support) fall under "Others", they are not a relevant part of this methodology.

Author: @Alex-deVis , agree.

To address this concern, the utilization of tools like [Google Docs](https://www.google.com/docs/about/) proves invaluable.
These tools offer version history and the ability to highlight changes made between different revisions, significantly enhancing the overall quality and efficiency of the grading process.

The last step of the grading phase is the plagiarism check.
This important step prevents students from copying solutions from each other or external sources to ensure a fair academic environment.
To ensure objectivity, this step should incorporate an automated check.

To address this concern, available public anti-plagiarism tools can be used.

> Whenever feasible, it's advisable to opt for specialized tools, such as [MOSS](https://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/) for code-centric assignments.

Author: Add [JPlag](https://github.com/jplag/JPlag).
